docs: document difference between CALL versus TRANSACT in contract-interaction guide (#1828)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/contracts.md

Reviewer: Would add another section about `.call` on mutable transactions, which convert them to regular calls

And also something about the return types of calls vs. transactions (e.g. Receipts)

**NOTE**: If you need the `return_value` from a transaction, you have to either treat transaction as a call (see the section below!) or use a provider with tracing-features enabled (such as `ape-foundry` or `ape-geth`) and access the [return_value](../methoddocs/api.html#ape.api.transactions.ReceiptAPI.return_value) property on the receipt.

```python
assert receipt.return_value == 123
```

For more general information on transactions in the Ape framework, see [this guide](./transactions.html).

### Calls

In the Vyper code at the beginning of this section, the function `get_static_list()` is decorated as `@pure` indicating that it's read-only.
(Also in Vyper, `@view` methods are read-only).
Since `get_static_list()` is read-only, we can successfully call it without a `sender=` kwarg; no funds are required.
Here is an example of making a call by checking the result of `get_static_list()`:

```python
from ape import accounts, Contract

account = accounts.load("<ALIAS>")
contract = Contract("0x...")

# CALL: A sender is not required for calls!
assert contract.get_static_list() == [1, 2, 3]
```

### Calling Transactions and Transacting Calls

> You can treat transactions as calls as visa-versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can treat transactions as calls and vice-versa.
```

For example, let's say we have a Solidity function:

```solidity
function addBalance(uint256 new_bal) external returns(uint256) {
    balances[msg.sender] = new_bal;
    return balances[msg.sender];
}
```

To simulate the transaction without actually modifying any state, use the `.call` method from the contract transaction handler:

```python
from ape import Contract

contract = Contract("0x...")

result = contract.addBalance.call(123)
assert result == "123"  # The return value gets forwarded from the contract.
```

> Oppositely, you may want to measure a call as if it were a transaction, in which case you can use the `.transact` attribute on the contract call handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, you may want to measure a call as if it were a transaction, in which case you can use the `.transact` attribute on the contract call handler:
```

    self.myNumber = num
```

Notice the contract has both an external pure method and an external method that modifies state.
In EVM languages, methods that modify state require a transaction to execute because they cost money.
Modifying the storage of a contract requires gas and thus requires a sender with enough funding.
Contract calls, on the other hand, are read-operations and do no cost anything.
Thus, calls do no require specifying a `sender=` in Ape.

At the RPC level, Ethereum calls are performed using the `eth_call` RPC and transactions are performed using the `eth_sendTransaction` or `eth_sendRawTransaction` RPCs.

The following examples demonstrate both making a call and invoking a transaction to a deployed version of the contract above.
First, here is an example of invoking a function (creating a transaction):

```python
from ape import accounts, Contract

> sender = accounts.load("<ALIAS>")

Reviewer: I usually like to call this something like `account` so `sender=account` appears more demostrative
